When I was just a little girl
I asked my mother, "What will I be?"
"Will I be pretty?"
"Will I be rich?"
Here's what she said to me
"Que será, será"
"Whatever will be will be"
"The future's not ours to see"
"Que será, será"
"Whatever will be will be"
"The future's not ours to see"
"Que será, será"
"What will be will be"
Good morning, ma'am.
-Irah.
-Yes?
I didn't order flowers.
Madam ordered them.
And look over here. One, two, three.
Over here. One, two, three.
Sorry, Jonathan, sir.
Can you move the cup down a bit?
Oh, like that?
Okay.
Oh, Angel, honey, can you smile, please?
All right,
going for another. One, two, three.
Perfect. Oh.
Okay, Grandma,
can you sit up a little bit?
I am sitting up.
These flowers are covering
your face. Here.
No, no, no.
Just move the camera
Ah. Yeah, okay, move the camera.
All right, uh, let's try over here.
Okay.
One, two, three.
Jonathan, how do you feel
about being chosen
as the cover of our annual family issue?
Well, I'm proud.
We… We didn't grow up with privilege.
We're not old money.
Everything we have is through hard work.
Can you tell us a bit about
how you and your family got to this point?
Well, I can say
that I wouldn't be here without my mother.
A strong foundation,
she gave me that.
Also, truth and honesty,
they're my guiding values.
May I say
you have the most beautiful family.
And wife.
How did you two meet?
At church.
Well, sir, I go to church every week,
but is it that easy?
I haven't met someone like you.
Knock, and it shall be opened to you.
The first time I saw her
decorating the church so beautifully,
I knew she would be the perfect wife.
Even though she came
from a humble background,
for me and our family,
it was never an issue.
I saw potential in her.
And I was right.
She makes me
the luckiest man in the world.
And, Milla, how do you feel
to have everything
that women could ever dream of?
I feel blessed, of course.
This is everything to me.
Irah,
can you please take the salmon
out of the freezer at ten o'clock
and steam it for Madam's lunch?
Yeah.
Irah, where's the liver?
Oh God, I forgot.
What? Irah, I told you this.
Madam specifically asked for liver
with her steamed eggs.
But is Madam allowed to eat liver?
If her cholesterol's high,
you'll get the blame again.
Okay, then maybe
just replace it with mincemeat. Quickly.
Yes, miss.
Mom, I can't ask Jonathan again.
Don't you have any money of your own?
This is an emergency, Milla.
What about your monthly allowance?
It's only the 4th of the month.
So, what do you want?
Do you want me to beg?
You're my only child, Milla.
Who else am I supposed to turn to?
How can she quit gambling
if you're not firm with her?
I know.
But she's my mom.
My mother is suspicious already.
All your extra spending.
If she finds out… I have no choice
but to tell her the truth.
No.
Please.
Mil, my mother and I
have done enough for her.
It's okay. I'll talk to my mom.
Honey, have you taken
your Eternity Life this morning?
I haven't.
Take some. You know
how beneficial they are.
Now, for me, Men's Essentials
for immune, stamina, and brain function.
And for you?
Flawless Beauty for skin hydration,
anti-wrinkle, and anti-aging.
Have a blessed and healthy day,
my Eternity Life family.
Bye-bye.
Mother, as you requested,
I've replaced the flowers
for your birthday.
The revision of the cake design
will be emailed next week.
It's taking too long.
Yes, Mother. I'll chase them up.
Oh, and I've also booked
the makeup artist.
Cancel them.
I've found someone much better.
But I've paid already.
Mil, it's her birthday. Let her decide.
Angel can also get her makeup done.
This woman has a talent
for making people's faces look
thinner.
What's wrong?
Mom?
Mil?
I forgot to buy the liver,
so I used mincemeat.
Sorry, Mother.
All right. Get liver for tomorrow.
No need. I've lost my appetite.
Drama queen.
Angel, don't speak like that
to your grandma.
You…
You're always too soft on your daughter.
I'll fix this.
Hey.
What's going on?
Angie.
I'm fine, Mom.
Just leave me alone.
Give me your phone, please.
Come on.
Can you believe I made this
handbag from my grandma's old sweater?
Upcycle is chic, guys.
If you want to know the process
behind the making of this handbag,
please let me know in the comments. Bye!
YOU SHOULD UPCYCLE YOUR FACE
INSTEAD OF YOUR BAG
COVER YOUR FACE WITH THAT BAG!
Well, I think this bag is so rad.
Can I use it?
Just don't.
Angie,
you're a talented and strong girl.
You're so much more
than those stupid comments.
You know, I could never
make a bag like that.
You don't need to.
I mean, look at you.
Grandma suggested this.
Mm. No!
-Just a little fix.
-No! No.
Mom!
I just want to feel pretty!
I can't live with this face anymore.
I don't agree.
Angel is too young
to be encouraged to get plastic surgery.
IS SHE THEIR BIOLOGICAL CHILD?
BEAUTY AND THE BEAST
Don't you feel sorry for your own child?
So, how's Angel doing, Milla?
Mil?
How's Angel doing?
Oh. All right.
I just hope
she doesn't pay attention to it.
-Mm.
-She's so talented.
Here, look. She made this.
Oh, that explains it. We were wondering
where on earth you got that bag.
It was made by Angel.
Oh.
You know, if you want to be
in the public eye,
then you need to be prepared
for things like this.
Mm.
Anyway, Angel makes your family look real.
And more approachable
for the Eternity Life brand.
What do you mean?
And to be on the cover
of High Lane Magazine,
you guys must have made it.
Yeah, Mil,
you're the ultimate couple, right?
Just look at Jon, her husband. Ooh!
Watching him lift weights
on his Instagram live…
I wish I was that barbell!
If he were my husband, oh, I tell you…
-Hi, hi!
-Hi, baby.
-Hi.
-Hi there.
-Hey.
-Hello.
-Milla, you just keep getting younger.
-Oh, hi.
-Mrs. Nugros.
-Hi.
-Have you lost weight?
-Oh, stop it.
I'm serious.
You should show Mr. Nugros your tricks
so he stays young forever.
Uh, am I not young enough for you?
Of course you are.
And, Jon, congratulations.
-I heard sales are skyrocketing.
-Oh, thank you.
You know, I've always said that the face
of Eternity Life should be our CEO.
Walk the talk.
No need to pay for influencers.
Am I right?
Absolutely. He sure convinced me.
I bought everything all at once.
Wow.
Mil, I invited Mr. Nugros and his family
to Mother's birthday.
Who's the event organizer?
Mil is doing everything.
Mil.
Milla.
-Mil?
-Milla?
Grace!
Milla, what's happening?
It's blood! Blood!
-There's no blood.
-Grace!
Milla, calm down! There's no blood.
Nothing's there.
Milla's never been like this before.
CBC and CRP are normal.
There's no inflammation
or infection detected.
You're okay, Milla.
You don't have allergies, right?
None at all.
-A change in diet?
-No.
Any pets?
No, none.
Then it's most likely that
Milla is stressed.
But how does that explain it?
Well, stress and fatigue
can cause people to hallucinate.
I'm not stressed.
Don't be too worried.
What's important right now
is for Milla to take it easy.
I'll prescribe some ointment
and medication.
So, you think it will heal quickly?
It's m-my mother's
birthday party coming up.
Just relax.
Milla is going to be fine.
Thanks, doctor.
Who are you?
I'm Hatta. Irah's son. I'm new on staff.
Right. Hatta.
The new gardener.
So, we pay for his schooling
and now he's a gardener?
Jon.
I hope you'll like it here.
May your words guide us
as we journey through life.
-Amen.
"Let those who seek wisdom
be told when they are wrong,
for it is through humility
that we learn."
"A devoted wife
is the crown of her husband."
"She who dishonors him…
Is like a burden unto his heart and soul."
I make you happy, right?
Of course.
Good.
I want you to be happy.
And I want you to get better.
Yeah.
I'm sorry about today.
I won't embarrass you again.
You need some rest.
Miss.
Miss?
Are you not well?
Oh no!
Milla.
You've kept us all waiting.
Yes, Mother.
So the decorations we designed
are inspired by the Ming dynasty.
We'll be using a color palette
of deep calming blue and pure white.
The main centerpiece is the birthday cake.
This will be backdropped
by a painting of a mountain landscape.
Next--
Where are you going?
I need to, um,
take my medicine.
Go on.
In this area…
Mom?
Are you okay?
Mom! Oh!
Mom?
Mom!
Mom.
Mom?
There's something wrong with me.
The doctor said it's just reflux.
Because you took your medicine
on an empty stomach.
No, but I vomited glass.
What are you talking about?
There's no glass.
And that girl…
What girl, Mom?
Her face…
Her face was
full of glass.
Milla, you're being paranoid.
There's no girl.
It's just a rash, okay?
Can't you just believe me this one time?
This is because you rarely go to church.
The forces of darkness are corrupting you.
Enough of this!
Take your medicine.
Then we will pray.
Our Lord Jesus Christ,
have mercy on your humble servant, Milla.
Shield her from the temptation
of the devil that weakens her faith,
and forgive her sins
that have disappointed you.
Holy Spirit, dwell within her.
May she be reborn
in your grace,
obedient and faithful to your will.
In the name of our Lord Jesus,
we give thanks. Amen.
Grace.
Milla?
Another bad dream?
Your face.
Huh?
How can
the rash spread this quickly?
It was only her neck yesterday.
Well, Milla's had all kinds of tests.
The results are normal.
It's not autoimmune.
But we're gonna get
a second opinion. Okay?
It's strange it's happened so fast.
The doctor said
it's psychological.
You're stressed?
What are you so stressed about?
Taking care of the household?
-Taking care of this family?
-No.
Organizing my birthday party?
If you can't take the pressure,
just hire an event organizer.
It's not that.
Then what?
It's clear
you're ungrateful for all of this.
If you were grateful,
then you would not get stressed
What more do you need?
And we take care of your mother.
We even bought her a house.
I never asked.
I never asked for that house.
I'll tell you this.
If you had never met my family,
there is no way
that you would be living
such a comfortable life like you are now.
We've given you everything, Mil.
Irah!
What is this?
It's a healing broth. Madam made it.
Eat up.
No.
Mil, eat.
Stop trying to force her.
It's good for your skin.
Mom?
Mom!
I know it smells strong,
but it really works.
Since your mom was little,
if she ever had an itch or allergy,
this would always cure her.
Why can't I remember my childhood?
How's that even possible?
Oh, no need to remember.
The important thing
is that you're happy now.
Was she not happy before?
Well, back then,
her life wasn't like it is now.
I remember one Christmas,
your mom got scolded by Grandma Novi.
Why?
It was because of a headband
she wanted to wear to church.
Really? Just because of a headband?
Yes. She even cried.
"Irah, it's not fair."
"Why does Mom always forbid Grace
from feeling beautiful?"
-"She's always so angry."
-Grace?
Hm?
Why did you call me Grace?
Who's Grace?
Uh…
-Oh, I'm old. I must be talking nonsense.
-Wait.
Is there something you're not telling me?
-No. Nothing, miss.
-Please no more lying.
I'm not lying to you.
Grace keeps appearing in my dreams!
Miss, you must stop
thinking such strange things.
What's going on with you?
Showing up in the middle of the night,
rummaging through my things.
Hey!
Your face, what happened?
Mom, why was I called Grace?
Grace?
Who's Grace?
Mom, stop lying!
What are you talking about?
She's not Grace. She's not Grace.
-She's not Grace.
-Of course not.
This is all you, Milla.
Mom, where's the rest
of the photos from my childhood?
Well, I couldn't bring
everything from Surabaya.
Then who is Grace?!
Mil.
Did you call Jonathan?
Jon, she's rambling
about some child called Grace.
-Let's go home.
-No! I need to find her.
-Find who?
-Grace!
Mil, you're not well. You're acting crazy.
-Maybe I am crazy!
-There's no Grace.
It's all in your head.
Ma'am.
Are you okay?
Am I really going crazy?
Milla.
Mommy?
Don't worry.
I'll make it better, I promise.
In the name of Jesus Christ,
we cleanse this soul
once tarnished by evil,
and lead home the lost lamb of God.
I baptize you with water,
but he will baptize you
with the Holy Spirit.
Holy Spirit,
deliver Milla from the shackles
and punishment of her sins.
God has saved us!
He has saved us
through the washing of rebirth
and the renewing power of the Holy Spirit.
Mom!
-Milla. Milla!
-Milla.
What did you do to Grace?
-Milla!
-What happened to her?
-Father, help her
-Help my daughter!
Dear God, deliver this soul!
Mom!
-Angel!
-Mom!
-What did you do to Grace, huh?
-Tell me!
It's okay. It's okay, Mom.
Come on. It's all right.
Come on. Come on, Mom.
Angel, open the door.
Can I please have
some time with her? Please!
-Angel.
-Mom, what is actually wrong with you?
I don't know. I don't know.
Tell me. Just tell me.
I feel like
there's something missing in me.
Is it… Grace?
Who is she?
I think that I am Grace,
but it feels like
everybody is trying to hide it from me.
I know it sounds crazy,
but I don't know who I am anymore.
It's okay. It's okay. I believe you.
Okay. Okay. Okay.
You have to stop.
Milla,
I am begging you.
Please just stop.
Mom, I'll stop
if you tell me the truth right now.
If you keep doing this,
then we could lose everything.
So, that's what's on your mind?
That you wouldn't have enough money
for your comfortable life,
or to keep gambling--
Our life. Our life, our life!
You're the one who's causing the problem.
It's not me.
Have you forgotten
how tough our lives were before?
The Gunawan family
is a blessing from God, Milla.
And we have to hold on to that.
We can't let life defeat us again.
Thank you, sir.
Erika, right?
How did you know?
Come in. My mother is expecting you.
Oh, so you're the son.
-Jonathan, yeah?
-Yeah.
-Erika.
-Jonathan.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, your… your eyes,
you have dark circles under them.
I know a great eye cream
I could recommend.
Uh, let me help with that.
Oh, no, that's okay. I'm used to it.
You're strong. That looks heavy.
All right. I… I should go.
You look absolutely radiant.
Gravity is catching up with me.
Stop it!
You know, I've done makeup
for many women your age
and your skin is much tighter.
-For my birthday party--
-Mm-hmm?
I want you to give me a transformation
so they don't recognize me.
Don't worry. I can
turn back time with my touch.
Erika,
do you think
you can do my makeup like this?
Of course.
That's your mom, right?
Will she be joining us for her makeup?
No, she can't.
She's sick.
Oh, well, let me know when she gets better
so I can arrange a makeup test for her.
She won't be attending the party.
She could if you let her.
Angel, I think
that we should film a TikTok video
of your makeup before and after.
It could go viral.
And be humiliated? No, thanks.
No need to feed the fish
if you're not ready to catch one.
Oh, is this about the haters?
People online can be so cruel.
Just ignore them, Angel.
You know, it's only
because they're jealous.
Here we go.
Come in.
Irah!
What a surprise to see you!
It's Erika.
I was best friends with Grace
back in Surabaya.
You don't work for Grace anymore?
-Grace?
-You've got the wrong person.
She's been with Milla
since Milla was a little girl.
Milla?
Erika!
I've got so many likes.
That's great.
I'll show you an easy way
to apply your own makeup next time.
And don't listen to those haters
who say you should get plastic surgery.
Just do what I teach you. It works.
Wait.
Oh my God.
Oh my God! He's, like, really famous
and he's messaging me.
-Yeah!
-What should I reply?
Just wait, and don't reply straight away.
It'll keep him wanting more.
Erika, thank you so much.
For the first time, I feel really pretty.
Angel…
you're already pretty.
Just like your mom.
She used to be.
Do you know what's causing her to be sick?
My mom,
she has been… mentioning the name Grace.
Do you know Grace?
Do you think you can help her?
Who's there?
Who are you?
Grace?
You know Grace?
It's Erika.
Do you remember me?
Erika…
I…
love…
you.
Does it hurt, Grace?
Do you remember
anything that happened?
It's okay.
What matters is you remember me.
You know, I'm Erika, your best friend.
So, you don't know
what happened to me either?
One day, you and your mom
suddenly left Surabaya.
I never heard from you again.
Will you help me?
Yeah.
I promise
that we'll find out
what really happened, okay?
It's a new life.
Huh.
Yeah.
Ma'am.
Geranium.
Can you put this in my room?
Yes, of course.
-Careful of the roots.
-We don't wanna damage them.
Yes.
Are you feeling better?
You know what? Forget about it.
Whatever plant is put
in my room always dies.
It's not the plant's fault, you know?
Maybe it's just…
its surroundings.
Surroundings…
Yeah.
I am a man who lifts.
I am a man who pumps.
You want more?
No.
-Just a little fix.
-No. No!
Mom! I just wanna feel pretty.
I can't live with this face anymore.
Mom?
YEARBOOK
BETHEL CHRISTIAN JUNIOR HIGH SCHOOL
SURABAYA
When I grow up,
I'll never eat instant noodles again.
I'm going to eat
steak, spaghetti, and ice cream
in fancy restaurants.
I'll wear pretty dresses,
and buy all new clothes at the mall,
and I'll marry a rich husband.
Don't worry, Grace.
You can come
and live with me and my husband.
That's okay. You know what I want…
is freedom.
Okay.
But I'll still buy you all of the makeup
so you can be pretty.
You can get out of here
and find a handsome husband like me.
Erika?
What's with the noise?
Hey, no need to be a bitch about it.
I'm here for the rent.
-Next week.
-Hey, wait… a minute.
You know you don't have to pay
me with money.
-Piss off!
-Hey!
Oh, you look divine,
and this dress
makes you look even thinner.
That's why I insisted that there's
only one person who could make it.
Oni!
Even though Jonathan is always shocked
when he sees my invoice.
But she's the one who pays me.
Oh, I can see
how much Jonathan adores you.
For his mother, he'd do anything.
Well, she's the one
who raised him to be so successful.
Behind every great man
Is an even greater mother. Remember that.
Angel, honey,
you have to breathe in a little more.
It'll fit if you just hold it in a bit.
Oh, enough! We can do this later.
Uh, be careful. Uh, ooh.
Grandma, I have to go study.
Uh, maybe it's hormones.
It's hard being a teenager.
Back when we were young, Milla and I
used to skip school all the time.
So it's true you were friends,
you and Milla?
That's why I was so surprised to see Irah.
Oh.
Why hasn't Milla mentioned you before?
We lost contact for a long time.
Yeah. They moved to Jakarta.
But it caught us all by surprise.
The move was so sudden.
It's like they disappeared.
I think we should use the long ones.
They go with your dress.
So, tell me,
when did you meet Milla?
It was when Jonathan
had just returned from Melbourne.
Mm, well, the last time that I saw Milla
must have been when we were 14,
and she was very different back then.
Different?
What do you mean?
Any woman can be transformed
as long as there's money.
That's why you should find
a proper husband.
Yeah.
Maybe it…
it's because I haven't seen her
in so long.
I was so shocked to see Milla's condition.
We've sent the test results to Singapore.
No one can explain
what's happening to her.
Every diagnosis is different. I…
Honestly, I don't know what to do.
Maybe there's something deeper going on.
I, um…
I could help you.
What do you think?
I'm sure it has something to do
with a childhood trauma.
She really suffered after the accident.
Accident?
You don't know, do you?
Grace is not a hallucination.
She's real.
Grace Camilla.
-This is Milla.
-Impossible!
-But I was there.
-That's not Milla.
-I know it's her.
-What do you know?
Everything.
I saw her after the accident.
Her face
was disfigured.
Then she suddenly left Surabaya.
Her mom, Novi, is hiding everything.
She's been lying to you, Jon.
And to Milla.
Stop avoiding the issue.
Erika told us everything!
She… She's a liar!
So you and your daughter,
you're not liars?
Listen, this is not
about Milla's accident.
This is about you taking advantage of us
and behaving dishonestly
to get our family to support you.
But I just didn't think
it was something worth mentioning.
Milla was just an unfortunate girl
who had a terrible accident.
I am so grateful
to you and Jonathan
for taking my daughter in.
Enough!
I want you out of this house
and to never come back.
Will you hurry up?
We're already late for the service.
I said you don't need to look fancy.
A headband won't make you prettier.
-Okay, bro, lower it.
-Yep.
-Hey, can you loosen the rope?
-Got it. And one, two, three.
Yep. Uh…
-Miss, don't stand there!
-Watch out! Stop!
Grace! Oh my God!
Grace!
Please help her! Grace!
What is happening to Grace, ma'am?
How could she not recognize me?
Or you?
The doctor said…
the trauma from the accident
has made her forget everything.
I can't bear to see her face
damaged like that.
Don't cry, Irah.
This is all a test.
It's an opportunity from God.
From now on,
every door will be open for you,
my dear girl.
Milla.
Mom?
Is it true?
Jon?
You are sick.
Sick, just like your mom.
-Jon, I only just remembered--
-Do you actually love me?
Do you?
-Or do you just love this?
-No!
-I care about this family.
-You expect me to believe that?
Erika told me everything.
Truth.
Honesty.
That's all I ask.
I need to fix this family.
-My child.
-Angel?
No!
No, Mil.
You are sick, Milla.
You need time to think this through.
Jon!
Jon?!
Open the door!
Angel!
Open this door, Jon!
Jon!
I'm sorry, Mother.
I failed this family.
Never.
Angel!
Don't blame yourself.
It isn't because of you.
Jon. Look at me, Jon.
Jon!
-Open the door now!
-Remember, you're a Gunawan.
Angel!
-Why are you doing this to Mom?
-Angel!
Angel!
Angel.
Don't worry, Angel.
This is for the good of our family.
Your mom is sick.
This is all sick.
Open the door!
Hey, you! Be careful with that.
It's very expensive.
-Hey, Jon.
-Hey.
Uh, thank you
for keeping my mother company.
I don't know what I'd do without you.
No, it's nothing. I'm happy to do it.
Thank you.
All right. I'll see you.
Okay.
Angel.
Oh, that looks like…
Remedy steamed chicken. Your favorite.
I'll dish it out.
Here you are.
How are you still not married?
I've been focused on helping my family.
Well, at least
until my siblings finish college.
That's why I'm taking
all the jobs I can get.
When you do get married…
I hope you find someone reliable.
Someone who can take care of you
and your family.
Not everyone is as lucky as Milla.
Uh, Irah!
Can you bring this to Milla?
-Yes, madam.
-May I take it instead?
It's dark in here.
Hm. How about a little light?
What do you want?
Here's your lunch.
It's good for your skin.
God, Milla!
You're enjoying this, aren't you?
Why?
Survival,
Milla.
Mil!
Undress.
Try it.
Stop, Mil.
Take it easy!
Now you're perfect.
One, two, three.
Erika!
Here, get in the photo.
They're from High Lane. Come on, quick.
Okay.
Ma'am, step forward, please.
Perfect. One, two, three.
Ah, ladies, meet my makeup artist.
Hi. I'm Erika.
Oh, you are incredible.
Liliana looks amazing.
-Thank you.
-I wanna book you.
Oh yes, of course.
Angel! Here.
Angel!
-You look beautiful
-And did Erika do your makeup?
Definitely not.
That's my mom's dress.
Angel!
Royhan!
Well, we should really go say hello to…
You made it!
Why don't we go over here?
This party is really, really boring.
Yeah, yeah, I agree. If it reached Africa…
Yes, in Tunisia.
-I've heard that there's--
-Jon.
Oh, I thought you were Milla.
I'm Erika.
Oh. Yes.
You look different.
-Psst. Grab a drink.
-Ah, of course.
This way.
Mom,
because of you,
I have the vision to reach my dreams.
You have sacrificed so much,
and you've been here with me
during the best
and the worst of times.
I love you, Mom.
Happy birthday.
Cut the cake Cut the cake right…
Cut the cake
Cut the cake right now
Right now
Cut the cake…
Happy birthday, Mother.
-Milla! Go back to your room.
-Jon.
But I just want to celebrate.
What, Jon? Afraid they'll see
how rotten we are?
THE MOMENT BEAUTY BECOMES THE BEAST!
-Milla!
-Oh my God.
Oh my God, look at this. It's crazy, man.
That is so messed up!
Roy.
Roy!
Royhan! Why did you post the video?
So what?
It's a free country.
-She's my mother.
-Who cares?
You're just overreacting. I'm out of here.
Asshole!
I sincerely apologize, sir.
You know I had my doubts,
but your mother convinced me
to put my trust in you,
and look what's happened.
You're tarnishing our brand.
Sir, I am truly sorry.
Handle your wife,
and stop flaunting our products.
Sir, please give me another chance.
I promise I can fix this.
LILIANA GUNAWAN'S TALE OF INSPIRATION
BUILDING A DYNASTY
It's not your fault.
Isn't it always our fault?
We're women.
What else is our duty…
if not to protect our family's reputation?
I have to be the one to fix this.
Do you…
want to help me?
My Eternity Life family…
I'd like to apologize
to all of you.
I…
have come to realize that my wife
is suffering from a mental illness.
And because of this…
Eternity Life
will develop a new range of supplements
to help treat
mental health issues.
Because mental illness
is not something to fear.
Or something
to hide from.
Thank you for your understanding
and your support
for Eternity Life.
Good night.
It's okay.
Sorry, Irah and Hatta,
for the trouble I've caused.
It's okay, ma'am.
So, you're going back to your hometown?
Yes, that's right.
Back home, all the men
work in the rice fields,
planting, nurturing,
harvesting, and ngareremokeun.
Hatta always leads the ritual.
Ngareremokeun?
A ritual to honor nature.
My father always says
whatever our hands give,
our hands receive in return.
Take me there, Hatta.
But, miss…
Irah…
I will only rot here and waste away.
Are you sure?
I am, yeah.
I can't remember
the last time I was true to myself.
Okay.
When you were little,
as soon as you woke up,
you'd jump into my bed for a hug.
Yeah.
I was so silly.
No.
You were adorable.
Angie…
Mm?
-I'm sorry I haven't been more--
-It's not your fault.
For your illness.
I feel like it's actually a blessing.
What do you mean?
Well,
all this time,
I've been living how others want me to.
I can see now
that I don't belong here.
Angie,
why don't you come with me?
Don't worry. I'll take care of you.
Angie,
there's so much more to life
than this, my love.
But, Mom, your life is yours,
and my life is mine.
And I don't want your life
to end up like mine.
It won't.
Mom…
this… is the life that I know.
Sometimes it can be really painful, but
let me deal with it.
You always told me I'm a strong girl.
Yeah.
Mom,
you trust me,
right?
I trust you.
Then you know I'll be all right.
You promise me
to stay true to yourself.
And any time you need me--
Don't worry.
I'll find you.
Where are you going?!
Are you trying to cause trouble?
You selfish girl!
Do you realize how hard I had to work
to pay for your surgery?
Your father abandoned us.
Do you think
we could rely on your looks to save us?
This world isn't built
for women like you and me.
Mom, I was erased.
I was erased by you.
It was for your happiness.
I did it for you!
Mom, if you care about my happiness,
then let me go, Mom.
Well if you don't care
about your life anymore,
then the least that you could do
is pay back what you owe me!
Oh, Milla!
Milla!
Stop, please, Milla!
I don't owe you anything anymore.
You're insane!
You're going crazy.
Milla!
Mom!
-Oh my God!
-Mom?
I'll take care of this.
I'll take care of her.
Okay. Okay.
It's okay.
It's okay. Just go, Mom.
Go!